<!--
 * @Date: 2021-12-27 14:41:11
 * @LastEditors: lzj
 * @LastEditTime: 2022-01-22 09:41:51
 * @FilePath: \qianduan.shop\front\data\blogs\10.md
-->
# SEO Series - On-site Optimization

Website SEO optimization is divided into three main areas: onsite optimization, offsite optimization, and technical optimization. This article focuses on onsite optimization, SEO onsite optimization refers to the internal content and structure of the website for optimization and adjustment, so that the website is search engine friendly, conducive to crawling, indexing, inclusion and ranking.

From the internal website to start our SEO journey, this article introduces onsite optimization mainly contains **website content**, **website layout**, **user experience** three aspects.


## 1.Website content

### **Site Configuration**
1️⃣ Robots.txt file, tell search engines how to crawl the site, to prevent meaningless crawl 

2️⃣ Sitemap sitemap, to ensure that the URL can be generated and submitted to search engines.

### **Label Configuration**
1️⃣ TDK tag: the title word count is short, controlled within 20 words, for mobile, you can focus on writing the description tag.

Note: TDK is title, description, keywords

2️⃣ Image tag ALT attribute: add alt logo for the pictures in the station, especially important for picture-based websites.

3️⃣ Nofollow tag: reasonable use can guide the spider crawl and weight transfer.

Nofollow has two uses: 
1.For meta tags：
```
<meta name="robots" content="nofollow" />，
```

Tell the crawler that all links on the page do not need to be tracked.。

2.For a tags：
```
<a href="login.aspx" rel="nofollow">Login</a>
```
Tell the crawler that the page does not need to be tracked.

### **website content**
1️⃣ Create original content, there's nothing to say, search engines love it.

2️⃣ Enrich the content type, ensure the content diversity, including pictures, short video screens, icons, documents, etc.

3️⃣ content line structure, for the station SEO, the reasonable use of the "word around" to ensure the logical structure of the paragraph.

The word "around" is a strategy for onsite optimization, is the indicator title contains keywords, keywords contain keywords, internal anchor text contains keywords, the content page for the first time the keywords need to use strong tag bold. The role is to highlight the relevance of the page, emphasizing the core keywords, so that search engines quickly GET to the core content of the page.

4️⃣ keyword assignment, according to the user search purpose, create keywords, and to ensure the relevance of the keywords with features, control the number of anchor text. 

## 2. Website Layout

Most people often ignore the design layout of the page, the search engine crawl page content and people read the same basic order, from top to bottom, from left to right, so the design layout to the user experience.

1️⃣ Website layout, navigation, columns, panels, products, articles, etc. in accordance with user needs to layout.

2️⃣ Reasonable internal chain settings, what is the internal chain, is the website link to their own anchor text, which can increase the relevance of the internal structure of the site, transfer the weight of the site as well as help users and search engines to understand the relevant information.

3️⃣ The site directory level is not easy too deep, too deep level is not conducive to crawling.

## 3. User experience

1️⃣ Access speed should be fast, access speed is especially important, I believe you then visit a site if you can not open for a long time, you will not hesitate to choose to close the page.

2️⃣ Mobile adaptation, mobile traffic dominated today, the site adaptation of mobile natural indispensable.

3️⃣ Related article recommendation, as far as possible to meet the user's search needs.

4️⃣ page "value", good-looking things naturally attract people like.


## Points to note

1️⃣ Try to avoid internal competition of keywords in the content page.

2️⃣ Collected content is strictly prohibited, reasonable reproduction and with the original copyright links.

3️⃣ Avoid the use of content farms, preferably not pseudo-original.

4️⃣ Avoid high keyword density, use related words instead.

5️⃣ Do not pile up keywords in the website title and image ALT attributes.


**Note: The above methods still have many details that need attention, the above content is only for your reference and discussion. **

