<!--
 * @Date: 2021-12-27 14:41:11
 * @LastEditors: lzj
 * @LastEditTime: 2022-01-22 09:37:15
 * @FilePath: \qianduan.shop\front\data\blogs\7.md
-->
# SEO Series of Basic Concepts
What is SEO, what is SEO for us, and where can SEO be used? Before learning SEO, we must know what we want to learn, what is it for, and how to use it. Learn with questions in order to better understand the use of SEO.

## What is SEO
SEO is the abbreviation of "Search Engine Optimization" (Search Engine Optimization), is a kind of analysis of search engine ranking laws, to understand how various search engines search, how to crawl the Internet page, how to determine the search results of specific keywords ranking technology.

The current global market ranking of the top ten search engines include.
1.Google
2. bing
3.yahoo
4.baidu
5.Yandex
6.DuckDuckGo
7.Ask
8.AOL
9.WolframAlpha
10.Internet Archive

According to the target market mainstream search engine to do SEO, so as to achieve the best optimization results. For example: in China mainly for Baidu, Sogou, 306, Google (Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan), Bing, Sleipnir and other search engines to do optimization; to do the global market naturally preferred Google; the most popular search engine in the Russian market is Yandex.


## What's the use of SEO
To put it directly, it is to get free traffic from search engines and reduce promotion costs. The use of easily referenced by search means, targeted optimization of the site to improve the natural ranking of the site in the search engines, to attract more users to visit the site, to improve the number of visitors to the site.

## White Hat SEO (regular)

Usually we say that is also through the formal compliance with search engine optimization guidelines for SEO technical means, is a fair approach, is the use of SEO optimization methods in line with the provisions of the mainstream search engine issue guidelines, comply with the search engine rules standards, through the creation of original content, user-centric, reasonable modification of the site's content, tags, directory, file structure, the production of standard static pages, etc., optimize the overall structure of the site, user experience as the center, improve the site weight, improve the overall ranking of the site.

White hat SEO has been considered by the industry as the best SEO practice, which is operated under the condition of avoiding all risks and also avoiding any conflicts with search engine issuance guidelines, it is also the highest professional ethical standard for SEO practitioners.

## Black hat SEO (undesirable)

Black hat SEO is the meaning of cheating, through cheating means to hoodwink the search engine to obtain the ranking, black hat SEO practices do not comply with the mainstream search engine issuance policy regulations. The main characteristic of black hat SEO profit is short and quick, in order to short-term benefits and the use of cheating methods. At the same time at any time because of the search engine algorithm changes and face penalties.

By cheating the search engine ranking rules, the use of bad cheating methods such as jump pages, bridge pages, web page orientation, web page hijacking, keyword stacking, hidden links, link factories, mass distribution software, etc., to deceive search engines and search users, to obtain short-term search rankings, do not comply with the rules of inclusion, harmful to the long-term development of the site, causing the domain name K, serious will lead to the domain host is blacklisted by search engines, banned from crawling.

Black hat is different from the white hat kind of long-term strategy. Black hat focus on short-term benefits, through cheating techniques to obtain a large number of traffic.

## Grey Hat SEO (black then white)

Black but not completely black, white is not completely white, between the black hat and white hat. It can be said to play ball, good luck, bad luck will be K. SEO gray hat part of the early use of black hat methods to quickly improve site ranking, ranking up, turn to white hat, the later use of search engine rules in line with optimization practices to improve site ranking.

## Green Hat SEO

The definition of green hat SEO and the traditional understanding of white hat SEO and black hat SEO are very different, green hat SEO is neither keen on the traditional white hat SEO of the establishment of internal and external links nor keen on black hat SEO of various tricky means, creating valuable information is the prerequisite for green hat SEO.

Characteristics of green hat SEO:

1, they are keen on the creation of Internet value and resist the generation and proliferation of spam information.
2、They are often the initiators of some of the latest ideas or the challengers of traditional ideas.
3, they all for the user to create value-based, rarely for a search engine to make special adjustments or catering.
4, they are even for marketing purposes, but also to conduct a lot of research, be sure to pursue a new valuable information generated;.
5, they are also to SEO as a job, rather than a simple hobby.
6、They are keen on brand creation, not inferior cottage industry.
