<!--
 * @Date: 2021-12-27 14:41:11
 * @LastEditors: lzj
 * @LastEditTime: 2022-01-22 09:37:32
 * @FilePath: \qianduan.shop\front\data\blogs\8.md
-->
# SEO series of search engine workflow

As the saying goes, if you know your enemy, you will win a hundred battles. In order to do a better job of SEO optimization, the home page we need to know the working principle of search engines, in order to target the development of optimization strategies. Basically, all the search engine workflow is the same: crawl the web, indexing, analysis, ranking exhibits.

This article only introduces the basic process of each link in the search engine to do the main thing, not to do the specific principle of the development of description, because each link involves a lot of details, each link can be a long story, an article is not possible to introduce the complete exhaustive. Further analysis of each link will follow.

## The workflow of the browser

## 1. Crawl the web

Search engines are used to crawl and access the pages of the program called spiders / crawlers (Spider) or robots (Robot), later referred to as crawlers.

For crawling to the web content, the search engine will have a variety of algorithms to filter the content analysis, filter out the spam content, filter out the quality of the page into the library indexing session.

This link will basically filter to most of the spam sites.

### Automatic crawling
The crawler hangs out on the Internet every day and passes the crawled pages back to the search engine for subsequent operations.

### Manual submission
We can also take the initiative to submit link addresses to search engines to shorten the cycle of crawlers finding our website. Search engines generally provide webmaster tools to provide this function.

### Automatic code submission

We can write their own timing scripts through the search engine to provide the API to submit addresses on a regular basis, making full use of the search engine to provide a general inclusion quota to simplify the work. Baidu now for the active submission of the number of times per day included limit.

## 2. Indexing

The quality of the web content will be saved, classification, quality of the site directly into the index library.

## 3. Analysis

According to certain rules for website scoring, the rules include but are not limited to website age, content relevance, content usefulness, website open speed, etc., to meet the standard will be included.

## 4. Ranking

The web pages are ranked according to the scores obtained from the analysis, and the search results are displayed according to the ranking when users search for relevant content.


